I don't suppose they told you anything
in Denver about the tragedy we had up
here during the winter in 1970
well man named Charles Grady is the
winter caretaker and he came up here
with his wife of two little girls who
think about a Tintin from what I've been
told I mean he seemed like a completely
normal individual but at some point
during the winter he must have suffered
some kind of a complete mental breakdown
who ran amok and killed his family with
an axe you can rest assured mr. oh man
that's not gonna happen with me yeah hey
Willy we'll go out of town for the
winter
sure
yeah I guess so
for some people solitude isolation
I'm itself become a problem
Oh
yeah
he kills you with Danny
here's Johnny